E20R Payment Warning for PMPro
==============================
    Contributors: eighty20results
    Tags: pmpro, membership, recurring payment warning, paid memberships pro, membership management, payment warning
    Requires at least: 4.8
    Tested up to: 4.8
    Stable tag: 1.2


Generates and sends notices to active Paid Memberships Pro members about their upcoming recurring payment, their expiring memberships, and required updates to their credit card information. The plugin receives its data directly from the supported payment gateway which makes it more reliable and consistent in sending email warnings/notices to your members.

Description
-----------
 A more reliable and up-to-date notification system than the standard Recurring Payment Email Reminder add-on for Paid Memberships Pro. The E20R Payment Warning for PMPro plugin will utilize the most recent information generated by the payment gateway itself, rather than rely on disconnected data on your local WordPress site. [Note that the Paid Memberships Pro does NOT store the payment data locally on your web server](link="https://eighty20results.com/wordpress/paid-memberships-pro/payment-gateways/") 
 
Installation
------------

1. Upload the `e20r-payment-warning-pmpro` directory to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory of your site.
1. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress.
1. That's it. Settings are managed through the "Settings" -> "E20R Roles for PMPro" options/settings page.
1. [Licenses for the gateway modules(s) can be purchased on the Eighty/20 Results website](link="https://eighty20results.com/shop")
 
Frequently Asked Questions
--------------------------

### I found a bug in the plugin

 Please report your issue to us by using the [E20R Payment Warning for PMPro](link="https://eighty20results.com/support-forums/forum/support-forums/e20r-payment-gateway-pmpro/") Support Forum on The Eighty / 20 Website, and we'll try to respond within 1 business day.

### Limitations / Known Issues

The "Add Media" button when adding a new template in the E20R Template editor is a little troublesome and may required extra clicks to close/update.

The "Text" window in the E20R Template Editor is mis-sized (doesn't fill the full width of the Visual editor).

The "Credit Card Expiration" messages will not get sent/processed (upcoming feature).

The plugin currently supports the Stripe.com payment gateway exclusively.

Adding more gateways is on the roadmap, but will require sponsorships. You can sponsor support for a new gateway by going to[the Eighty / 20 Results Purchase page](link="https://eighty20results.com/shop") and purchase a sponsorship.

If you sponsor the development of gateway support you will receive forum support for the lifespan of this plugin, plus a lifetime license key for one website of yours for all available and future plugin features.

Changelog
------------

###v1.2

* BUG FIX: Didn't disable the default PMPro actions for expiration warnings, credit card expiration warnings and recurring payment notices if the equivalent functionality is active in this plugin
* ENHANCEMENT: Add placeholder to allow adding PMPro Template Editor messages if present

###v1.1

* ENHANCEMENT: Add ability to process large number of users across multiple requests
* ENHANCEMENT: Process at most 250 user data records at a time
* ENHANCEMENT: Add filter to let admin set # of requests to process per dispatch (TODO: Make this a global setting)
* ENHANCEMENT: Only trigger processing for subscriptions (payment warning data) if enabled
* ENHANCEMENT: Use passed background processing handler class from received data in task() method
* ENHANCEMENT: Removed unneeded debug logging from Background Processing class
* ENHANCEMENT: Disable debug/test actions
* ENHANCEMENT: Add readme.md documentation file for Github repo
* ENHANCEMENT: Include readme.md file in build
* BUG FIX: Would display incorrect debug message when plugin was licensed
* BUG FIX: Attempted to save and dispatch background job during data loop in task() method
* BUG FIX: Didn't dispatch large request handler properly (Now class is instantiated during/before `plugins_loaded` action hook to ensure proper execution)
* BUG FIX: Attempted to save and dispatch large request handler data during loop
* BUG FIX: Only process subscription data in get_remote_subscription_data() method
* BUG FIX: Only process payment data in get_remote_payment_data() method
* BUG FIX: Didn't include the amount_from_currency() method for Stripe specific amount formatting


###v1.0

* Initial Release (v1.0)
* ENHANCEMENT: Prevent Cron jobs from running immediately
